six separate models to engine sizes what
the manufacturer describes is the
largest range of accessories and options
on the market and a 4x4 system which is
the envy of its rivals this mitsubishi
l200 triton workhorse just like its
namesake in greek mythology as a host of
hidden attributes
select coin gift of the Greeks might
have been man powered but this baby has
horses to spare there's two different
engine sizes
you've got 134 brake horsepower and
you've got 175 the former is on the for
life and the for work versions on the
larger double cab chosen warrior
barbarian or Walkinshaw you've got 175
brake horsepower that's got plenty of
poke believe me you've got sleek lines
you've got speed but if you're going to
do the job what you're going to need is
payload the l200 has a payload of one
ton and a towing capacity of 2.7 tons
and here is the magic trick for keeping
the taxman at bay if it's a double cab
with a one-ton payload you'll reclaim
all the v80 on the purchase price which
is not bad
across the L 200 range you've got two
different four-wheel drive systems
you've got easy select four-wheel drive
and you've also got super select
four-wheel drive which is what you get
with the charge in here now what that
means is that you can pretty much tackle
the steepest muddiest inclined to snow
to dry tarmac in fact the manufacturer
claims that for towing a trailer in
particular their four-wheel system will
work the best on dry tarmac you don't
need to be told that times are tough and
if the only way you're going to get any
money out of a bank is with a balaclava
and a sawn-off fear not Mitsubishi
actually have their own finance company
and they promise they'll look far more
favorably on your application than
you'll get from many of the traditional
high street outlets
they've also reduced the price of many
of their higher-end vehicles
they've got what they describe as the
best warranty in class five years
hundred and twenty five thousand miles
what they've also got is naught percent
finance for a hundred and ninety nine
pound a month contract higher all of
which is a pretty attractive package
when there is laser business or both
where the L 200 a split personality
comes a standard comfort power
practicality this is one L of a motor
you